expanded README with sample execution and misc notes (#6)
albertocuestacanada/ERC3156: README.md

> 

Reviewer: When executing a flash loan you will need to code and deploy your own contract to receive the `IERC3156Borrower(receiver).onFlashLoan(parameters)` callback. You can call the `flashLoan(parameters)` function on any `ERC3156` compliant contract, such as the wrappers mentioned below, specifying your callback-receiving contract as the `receiver`.

> Use FlashBorrower to kick the tires. You can give to the `flashBorrow` function the address of an ERC3156 compliant lender (such as any of the wrappers in this repo), the address of a supported ERC20 token (which for wrappers depends on the underlying lender such as Aave) and a loan value. Upon execution a flash loan will happen, which you can examine in etherscan.io or tenderly.co. You will need to have transferred to FlashBorrower enough of the ERC20 being borrowed beforehand to pay for the fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use FlashBorrower to kick the tires. You can give to the `flashBorrow` function the address of an ERC3156 compliant lender (such as any of the wrappers in this repo), the address of a supported ERC20 token (which for wrappers depends on the underlying lender such as Aave) and a loan value. Upon execution a flash loan will happen, which you can examine in etherscan.io or tenderly.co. You will need to have transferred to FlashBorrower enough of the ERC20 being borrowed beforehand to pay for the fees.
```

| UniswapERC3156 | 0xeBe2432d4b8C59F33674F6076ddeE8643B8039d1 |
| YieldDaiERC3156 | 0xDcD8a5C2cD166f90196205b2f76f273fd31684B4 |
| YieldFYDaiERC3156 | 0x9a8b26c62E05e6a8b472e1f01f2d09042Dd2093E |

### Tested currencies
The flash loans have been tested with the ERC20 tokens below, but should work for any tokens that the underlying lenders make available.

| Contract      | Address       |
| -------------------------- |-------------------- |
| ERC20FlashMinter (ERC20FlashMinter) | 0x1e198e90c7166f7f9fD24b9D7A0451D7AeE78a3F |
| WETH9 (FlashLender, AaveERC3156, DYDXERC3156, UniswapERC3156) | 0xd0A1E359811322d97991E03f863a0C30C2cF029C |
| DAI (FlashLender, YieldDaiERC3156, UniswapERC3156) | 0x4F96Fe3b7A6Cf9725f59d353F723c1bDb64CA6Aa |
| DAI (DYDXERC3156) | 0xC4375B7De8af5a38a93548eb8453a498222C4fF2 |
| DAI (AaveERC3156) | 0xFf795577d9AC8bD7D90Ee22b6C1703490b6512FD |
| FYDAI (YieldFYDaiERC3156) | 0x6B166d6325586c86B44f01509Fc64e649DCfE7C4, 0x42AA68930d4430E2416036966983E6c9Fe8Ff2f8, 0x2b67866649AFcEFC63870E02EdefC318fd8760D3, 0x02B06417A3e3CB391970C6074AbcF2745a60b880, 0x6Abb65246346b2A52Faed338cB18880e70A57Cf8 |

### Sample Execution

> Let's say you want to flash loan 10 DAI from dYdX via this wrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say you want to test a flash loan of 10 DAI from dYdX using `FlashBorrower` and the `dYdXERC3156` wrapper.
```
